[Docs] Check all links in docs and make them more accessible #424 (#453)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/card-button.md

## Buttons

To enhance dashboard interactions, you can use the [`Button`][vizro.models.Button] component to trigger any pre-defined

> action functions such as exporting chart data. To use currently available options on [`Actions`][vizro.models.Action]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action functions such as exporting chart data. To use the currently available options for the [`Actions`][vizro.models.Action]
```
